Hey, good evening, family.
It's almost morning time in Central.
We're running really late here, but we're going to get right to it.
We're going to pray.
There are things that the Lord has shown us that are showing up in the news.
And it's amazing.
I believe what the Lord shows us will prove to be accurate in the days ahead.
Some of it we can stop, some we can't.
That's not a copout; it's the truth.
The Lord said, "Raise up a million-man and -woman army.
And in doing so, there are some things you can stop, and there are some things you will not.
Some things will show up, and it will be a catastrophic event.
Some things are going to be a mass of things that go off with governments, wars, and rumors of wars.
We're seeing it all.
" But I want to show you something that the Lord gave us a word about back—what was it?
"I don't know what you're talking about.
" "I'm talking about...
You can just play it.
" "Yeah, go ahead.
" Let's look at Turkey today.
What's Turkey doing?
Last night we saw Turkey, and I said before all this happened—this happened today, less than 12 hours later.
Yeah, Turkey's on and saying exactly what we saw last night.
If you didn't watch last night's video after I got out of the dry and pushed through—it was probably...
We prayed until almost 1:00 last night, a three-hour video.
And we pushed through, and when I got on the other side, I could see a lot.
And I give all the glory to God for that because of what he was showing us about wars and Turkey rising up with Syria, and what Turkey is about to do to retaliate with Russia in the days ahead.
And if we go back here in just a second, we're going to watch what Turkey said.
Like I said, less than 12 hours later, the leader of Turkey came on and basically was saying exactly what we were hearing in the spirit.
So, I want you to hear what he says right now.
"Netanyahu and his criminal network's attacks on Syria and Lebanon have reached the point where they threaten not only these brotherly countries but also Turkey.
We will not tolerate any attacks by our brothers against our brothers.
Now these people and their henchmen are coming out making threats here and there targeting Turkey.
You don't need to say this; we already know your intentions, your aims, and your goals very well.
We see very clearly what you are pursuing.
We are all aware of the ultimate goal of the Promised Land of delusion.
With God's permission, we will never allow this.
" Okay, so go ahead.
On March 14th, I saw an alliance with Turkey and Syria in the days ahead that will be like a brother coming to their aid as Israel strikes Syria.
I saw them like, "Hey, you're not going to do that.
" You know what I'm saying?
Like they were coming to the defense of Syria.
I saw certain strikes coming against Iran, but they were not as defensive over Iran as they were over Syria.
And I thought that was interesting.
It was like they were treating Iran as an unwanted stepchild—like, "Don't do that," but it's not like they were with Syria.
I saw Turkey really coming to the defense of Syria in the days ahead.
So, I saw an uprising of Putin, Xi Jinping, North Korea, and these other nations coming against what they want to do with the United States currency.
Go ahead with the...
I was shown by the Spirit of God Turkey rising up, and I saw massive war drums beating in the Black Sea.
And as I saw the leader of Turkey—is he the president?
—I saw he put on a Count Dracula cape.
And as he put on this Count Dracula cape, he put a massive collar up with a brooch that went down with a white shirt, and he looked like one of those old Dracula movies.
His hair looked slicked back.
Braden made it with AI, you can see that's what he did.
But he looked toward the West.
And as he was looking toward the West, he was looking at the waterway there to get into the Ukraine area and all of Southern Europe.
He was eyeing it.
And then I heard him having a meeting with Vladimir Putin.
I could hear the meeting, and they were discussing how they were done playing the cat-and-mouse game.
I heard unconventional weapons of war like we've never seen before being used by Putin—mega stuff.
I saw Turkey being involved to block the waterway to get into the Black Sea to defend and try to help with Ukraine in the things ahead.
I saw Russia annihilating Zelensky and doing the thing, and I saw WW3 really big across Ukraine and going all over Europe.
That's what I saw: Turkey taking over and making it where it was impossible to go into the Black Sea.
Now, I don't know if there are any other ways, but when I saw...
was it up here, son?
Where is Ukraine?
Okay, that's where Ukraine is.
Yeah, I see it here.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, that's why I saw them controlling that to try to help Russia.
On December 2nd, we prayed for President Trump to have greater discernment concerning who he considers an ally in Syria.
Look at this.
Trump is saying that this guy is going to be a great leader.
But I told you he was very evil, he was a liar, and he's two-faced against the decision that he made and the things he's saying to Trump.
For I saw the Islamic Brotherhood in his pocket, and he is buddies with Turkey in the days ahead with a great escalation of an attack of the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war concerning Israel.
This will be the front of Ezekiel 38 and 39, and this is what the Lord has warned us about.
So, he's right here, and he is saying all this stuff, and Trump's saying, "Oh, you're going to be a great leader.
We're going to de-escalate things.
" No, this guy is two-faced and he's an evil man, and Trump needs to watch out for him.
The same with MBS.
And this is when I saw Turkey coming against Israel in the days ahead with Syria, because Syria will be struck and Damascus will become a ruinous heap.
I know they're talking peace and safety right now—well, "We're going to de-escalate Gaza, we're going to do all these things, we're going to get the hostages back, and we're signing these things.
" But I'm telling you, what I have seen in the spirit will be short-lived.
It will be short-lived—a great escalation.
This will be the hook in the jaw.
This will be the hook in the jaw, what's coming with Russia, Iran, and these others.
I saw when I told you I saw Syria, Damascus, and the biological weapons that I've told you will come against Israel in the days ahead.
I saw Turkey coming to the defense of Syria, and they will be brothers, because they didn't care so much that Iran was messed with.
But when Syria is messed with in the days ahead, they will all come to the defense.
Iran was like an unwanted stepchild—like, "You know, we don't really care so much.
" There wasn't so much of an uprising concerning what happened back in...
Okay, I want you to look at October 8th, when we hadn't even gone to war with Iran and blown them up yet.
I was seeing in the future, and the Lord was showing me that there's going to be a major uprising with Iran.
And I even said it, and I'm telling you, it's coming.
Do you see that?
October 8th.
It hadn't even happened yet, but I'm warning you about something that's coming.
I said they're going to have peace for a little bit of time.
And after Israel struck Iran back last summer, I said there's peace for a little time, but it's going to be an uprising again.
And I said, "It's coming again.
There's more coming.
" And I warned you in October.
Go back and hear it again.
I'm just trying to tell you it's accurate.
It's not flaky.
We're not here to be flaky.
I said it's coming again.
I saw it coming again.
Another escalation.
But this time I said it's going to involve Turkey.
I keep telling you Turkey is going to come.
They're doing something.
Keep going.
They said they can't hear the audio.
Yes, they can.
And this is when I saw Iran was messed with.
But when Syria is messed with in the days ahead, they will all come to the defense.
Iran was an unwanted stepchild.
Like, we don't really care so much.
There wasn't so much of an uprising concerning what happened back in the 11-day, was it 12-day war?
It wasn't a lot, but I'm telling you what I saw coming for Syria.
When this happens, you're going to see the Arabs rise up and they're going to be very upset.
I saw ground invasions with the red hats coming against, and I saw an uprising.
This is what I told you: World War III.
I saw Turkey beating their drums.
I saw all these things coming.
And these were visions I've had over three years ago.
Go ahead, next.
This is boring.
And there I see Turkey.
I see Syria.
I see a battle plan between the two of them.
Turkey is rising up secretly with Syria.
They're becoming friends, a greater friendship.
It's the brotherhood.
They're beating their war drums.
I've warned you before.
Ezekiel 38 and 39 is standing at the door.
This is concerning Israel.
Don't lose your focus.
It's concerning Benjamin.
Who will you save?
Trump.
One, two, three.
Who will you save?
We stretch you too thin.
You can't do all of them.
To stretch you too thin for the enemy within.
We have infiltrated your land.
This is even China.
I see China has infiltrated the land.
There's secret cells even of China.
There's not as big of cells of the Chinese as what there is with the other.
Kim's going to try to raise his head.
He wants to be out of the sanctions, all this stuff.
He's going to try to jump in on this, and he's going to become a real...
right now, because he wants to flex because he has nuclear.
That's why he called him a social pariah, remember?
And nobody wanted to deal with him, but because he has what he has, remember, I see it again.
He's having the meetings.
Putin, Ping, they're all talking, and Iran.
They're ticked off about what happened with Venezuela.
This is all because of Venezuela.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Okay, so if you listen to what the Lord was saying here, this is January 4th.
They just invaded Venezuela the night before on the 3rd, and the Lord was warning that Ping and Kim Jong-un were going to have a meeting.
They're going to have a meeting, and he wants to offer him a truce like a friendship.
And the Lord said they're going to have a truce.
There's going to be a friendship here, and he will flex his arms in the days ahead, and he will be a social pariah.
You will watch Kim Jong-un rise up with China in the days ahead.
Watch this.
The Spirit of the Lord said this is January 4th.
Okay, then Putin...
is it going?
They both asked me to play.
No, Putin and him are having a meeting.
And I say, 'Watch what they do.
' Now play it again, baby, because I want to paint the picture of where we are right now in June.
Okay, go ahead.
He can do it.
I'm watching them.
They're all talking.
I can see them.
They're talking.
Chatter.
I see Kim talking.
It's about Venezuela.
They want to use him as a pawn.
Kim, tactical, remember the barge.
Remember the barge, USSR.
Remember the barge.
That's what the Lord...
USSR, you see way in the future.
He gives you way in the future.
Watch Homeland Security.
Watch the barges on the Mississippi River.
I hope you're listening, I know you are.
Watch the barges even in the summer months on the 250th year.
Watch the barges coming down the Mississippi.
It's about North Korea, USSR on the Mississippi River.
But that's even more so before that.
But it's a plan.
They're ticked off because of their plan.
Do you hear me?
I'm listening.
It's because of the BRICS.
You weaken the BRICS.
You see, they wanted him for the oil and for financial stuff.
And when they got that out and he did that, they're ticked off about that because it tries to put a kink, remember, to put a kink in the hose.
You got the clip.
To put a kink in the hose.
I see the kink in the hose.
This is to put a kink in the hose concerning Venezuela, concerning the BRICS.
I'm in the spirit on this, y'all.
I've seen so clearly all this.
Yeah, it's to affect the dollar.
It's about the affecting of the dollar.
And they are all...
it's North Korea and they're all the BRICS.
So they want to form that, and they're ticked off because of what happened in Venezuela.
I think the last ones.
Yeah, you said it so many times, though.
I know, honey.
Right here on Turkey, from here over there, there were these massive, massive drums, and they were all these humongous drums beating.
They were just boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
And I said, 'Lord, what are they doing?
' And he said, 'They're going to join in and make ties.
They're going to make some kind of financial agreements.
There are going to be things happen with them going in with Russia, and they're going to join in on the fight to help them, fund them, and do things, and it's going to escalate even further.
' And so this thing got out of control.
And so then I was shown Israel and Iran, and these other countries were all coming against Israel, July 1st, 2023.
That's when I first saw it.
And then the Lord gives more and more and more.
That's it.
Okay, now my glasses.
They say you look younger now.
I look younger?
Yeah, that's what they say.
It's not Botox.
I don't know why, because I'm definitely older, I feel older.
Okay, go ahead.
Kim Jong-un has a dinner with Ping for the first time in seven years.
But Kim Jong-un doesn't have dinner with nobody, and they show him having a private dinner last night with Ping.
And everybody's freaking out about it, going, 'They're having a private dinner with wives like friends.
' And I said, 'Watch what Ping does in the days ahead.
' You heard it with Kim Jong-un, they will try to form an alliance.
And here they go having the dinner and they're hanging out.
Let's be buddies.
Fist bump, boom, boom.
This is here.
See them all?
It's actually really pretty.
It looks like a wedding.
Can you play it?
So what the Lord showed us back then is manifesting on this TV now.
I mean, there's music, I don't know about the audio, but they're hanging out, they're having dinner.
It's just him and him, and I said, 'Watch them.
They will form an alliance.
' Now, what the Lord showed us as you watch that, he said, 'Remember USSR?
I saw a barge coming down the Mississippi River with a device on this barge that had a makeshift floor that raised up, that had...
it was an EMP that was shot off out of the Gulf of America and went over our nation and did not get high enough.
' And the Lord said, 'Watch the summer months.
' And he said, 'Pray against this, for it will not be China, it will be North Korea.
' And I saw them hiding on a barge, and they shot this rocket off over Kentucky, and it was hot.
It was hot.
I said, 'I see the sycamore leaves.
' I had great detail.
This is whenever I was talking to somebody that was in government.
They called about that one.
But here we are, the event is taking place that the Lord told us.
The Lord told us to pray about this meeting.
I said, 'Watch the summer months.
' Do you remember that?
I said, '250 years.
' We are in the summer.
250 years.
I said, "Watch the summer months.
Watch about the time of the harvest.
It will be an oat harvest.
They're going to pretend to go get grains up the Mississippi River, but there is a rocket in the boat.
" And I said, "Watch the summer months.
They'll have a meeting.
" And I give all glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
But I'm trying to tell you this is the urgency of the hour of praying.
And this is why we're here.
It's not to...
Well, Brandon, look at that.
Well, look at that.
I'm trying to tell you something.
We must pray.
Look at them.
They're breaking dirt, planting trees together.
I said they will have a meeting.
It's in the video, January 4th.
See them?
They're planting trees.
They're having fun together.
I said they'll build an alliance and Putin will be around the side and then Turkey will rise up and he said, "We will stretch you too thin, Trump.
" I heard them and I said Kim was sitting in a chair and he was sprawled out over this chair and they were feeding him cheese squares.
Young teenage-looking girls were feeding him cheese squares and wine.
And he was sitting in a chair that looked like a Lazy Boy, but it was nice, a really beautiful plush chair.
And women were feeding him cheese.
Don't know why he was eating cheese, but he was eating cheese.
It looked like cheddar, and he was sitting in his chair and he was talking on the phone.
They were angry about Venezuela and they said, "We've got to come up with a plan," because they were mad at Trump for ruining the BRICS, trying to come against the BRICS.
And I said, "Watch what they do.
" And this is what the Lord...
But they were eyeing Taiwan.
They were eyeing Taiwan.
And he was asking him to help defend him against the United States.
And I saw a secret Pearl Harbor attack coming against Hawaii.
There are many things that I've seen, but this bothered me as I saw this because after Braden said, "Daddy, do you remember the word?
" I said, "I don't know.
We pray so much, son, and the Lord revealed what I remember.
" And he played it back and I said, "Oh.
" And it all flashed back on me.
And I remember every bit of it.
January 4th, 2026, this year, the Lord warned us about a meeting coming.
So, I hope the government is listening.
We must watch our rivers.
You must pay attention to our rivers.
The Lord said there's an enemy within.
Remember what he said?
He said, "They have invaded your land.
Joe Biden let them in by the thousands.
" And it's not just Iran, it's China.
It's their secret cells, a Red Dawn experience as they leave.
What was said in the meeting?
What was said about alliances?
I saw North Korea going to aid Russia even greater too because he's tired of being underneath the sanctions—"We can't do finances"—he wants to come out of it.
He doesn't want to be underneath the Western boot anymore.
And I saw him trying to be removed from underneath that Western boot by being promised a future if he joins Russia and China: "We will bring you in, and we'll bring you into the modern age.
America is the one that's held you back, but we will allow you to come with us.
" I heard them talking.
"You do what we tell you to do and we will bring you up out of these sanctions and all the stuff that's going on with you.
America won't hold you back no more.
We'll bring you out of it.
" And Xi Jinping was the one that was offering it.
And look, he's having a good time, huh?
You got to let the elevator go to the top.
All right.
So, here we go.
And watch what happens when Cuba gets involved.
I see surprise attacks coming from Cuba.
I see surprise attacks trying to hit Miami and the areas of Cuba with drones, things that are nasty.
And so the Lord said, "Pray against this.
" I saw it again last night.
If you were watching the video last night, we prayed.
Now listen to what the Lord said.
What was amazing—and we want to give all the glory to God—do you have Trump today?
Yes.
What he said about the helicopter?
They look like they're having a real good time.
I don't know, play it all.
When the war is over, it's coming down.
It's going to come down like a rock.
And again, we're taking out millions, which I'm just announcing today for the first time, but we've been taking out millions of barrels of oil.
Millions of barrels.
Every night we took out oil.
But now I'm going to tell you because they just figured it out.
So now that they figured it out, I can tell you.
It was very hard for me.
I wanted to say it so badly, but I didn't want to ruin it.
It was very hard.
But millions of barrels of oil have come out, and that's why it's at $85 or $90 a barrel instead of $250.
But we have the greatest military in the world, the toughest military in the world, just the best in every way.
Nobody's even close.
There's no military that's even close.
I rebuilt it during my first term.
I'm using it now.
When this conflict is over—Todd said, "Please call it a conflict, right?
" as opposed to the word.
He didn't like that word "war," but it's sort of a conflict, a military operation.
When it's over, you will see oil drop to where it was before.
He said oil should be over $200 to $250 a barrel right now.
Oh, that was the other day.
Yeah, he said it should go a lot higher.
That's what the price—all in my opinion, what I saw the spirit of the Lord showing me.
The oil would be over $200 a barrel.
And he even quotes it.
It's just the grace of God.
Look at that, it's prayer.
But I want you to hear about the helicopter.
Do you have it?
Honey, it's not playing.
It's okay.
Don't worry about it.
They're waiting on us live.
We'll play it again another night.
But I wanted to show the helicopter, what he said about the helicopter.
Now, I believe with all my heart, this is a result of our prayer.
This is a result of the people praying for our troops on a day-to-day basis.
This is a major thing that happened.
And this didn't hit the media.
Now, I want you to hear what President Trump says about our helicopter and what was supernatural.
This is supernatural.
This is the hand of the Lord.
And most people go, "How is that even possible?
" Do you have it?
I want to make sure I quoted you correctly.
You said that now they will have to pay the price.
What did you mean by that specifically?
"Well, we're going to be attacking them and attacking them very hard.
" "You're resuming bombing?
" "Yeah.
Well, we are based on a helicopter.
I guess we have the right to do that.
You know, they shot down a very incredible, actually an incredible machine.
And at first they said they didn't do it.
Then they admitted they did it.
Sort of easy because we have the—we actually have the bomb.
Got very lucky that bomb didn't explode.
That bomb was lodged in the helicopter.
It didn't explode.
It was on fire, but it didn't explode.
See, those two guys, they knew how to fly, but they got very lucky.
And then we had the unmanned boat going very, very fast at speeds that you wouldn't want to go.
That's why it's unmanned, I guess, because nobody can go in that.
But they rescued them.
So both people, fortunately, the pilots are okay.
Now look, I've been working with Iran for...
" Did you hear that?
A bomb hit it and didn't go off.
It's stuck in the side of it.
That's not normal.
Do you see the hand of the Lord watching over our troops?
It should have exploded, but it didn't.
The Lord protected our servicemen as they were flying the helicopter, and the bomb did not go off.
That's the hand of the Lord, ladies and gentlemen.
That's prayer right there working.
That's why we're here.
And that's exciting to me.
When I heard that, I went, "Oh, that's it.
That should encourage you.
People's lives were saved.
" And so, President Trump, I think he's even shocked about it.
You know, that's not normal.
Do you see?
"It didn't go off.
It was on fire," he says, "but it didn't go off.
It struck it.
It stuck in the side, but it didn't go off.
" Why?
Because the Lord, the angels, God's angel armies are by my side.
The God of angel armies.
I mean, somebody shout amen.
Somebody say hallelujah.
That's a huge deal.
Devil, you're a loser.
Hallelujah.
That's cool.
It's like, "Wow, Lord, you amaze me.
" Never lose the awe of God, that amazement of when God does something huge.
Even whenever you go, "Well, that don't make any sense.
" It doesn't need to.
It's God.
Look what God did.
Okay.
Next.
You have anything else, son?
Well, we had to play this.
You can play this.
Now, I don't agree with this.
This actually annoyed me, quite frankly.
This is the attitude that I said has got to change.
And Lindsey Graham, I think he just...
God help him.
But, you know, whatever.
Go ahead and play it anyway.
This is what I said has got to change.
Thank y'all.
We won.
So, I want to start with a bunch of thank yous.
I want to thank the big guy, God.
Trump comes later.
Mr.
President, you're not far behind God, but we're going to start with him.
Thank y'all.
We won.
I don't think it's funny.
I just go, "Okay.
" Did you even hear what he said?
Did they hear what he said?
Yeah.
What?
It was kind of muffled then.
It wasn't as clear, but play it again.
Thank y'all.
We won.
So, I want to start with a bunch of thank yous.
I want to thank the big guy, God.
Trump comes later.
Mr.
President, you're not far behind God, but we're going to start with him.
Thank y'all.
We won.
Well, that was clear.
And they said that you're saying Pete is headed to Guantanamo.
I need to get his workout program.
Hey, he looks good.
And then he said he's going to wait till tomorrow to strike them or something like that because he wants to see if he'll pick a deal.
Who?
Trump.
So he's not going to strike them yet.
Until tomorrow.
Okay.
Tomorrow night.
So tomorrow night, which is here in a little bit.
Let's see if he takes.
They ain't going to take a deal.
They're going to have to glow in the dark before they take a deal, sir.
This is not a normal thing.
This is about bringing forth the Mahdi.
They think different.
It's about bringing forth the Mahdi.
They want the Mahdi to come.
This is what we saw last night when I told you I saw a darkness, and there was so much to last night.
There was so much.
If you did not watch last night's prayer time, go back and watch it.
I don't have time to...
it was three hours.
But the prayer time was probably about an hour or so, whatever it was, an hour and a half.
And it was Holy Ghost.
And I'm telling you, the stuff he was showing me about the black onyx and the land and what's coming with the king, and I saw George, the little boy, and I saw Kate, and there was a lot the Lord was showing us.
We prayed.
I saw a moon upon the clock, and then I saw the church bells going off, and the Lord said, "The church bells are going to ring.
" And there was a darkness that was on our church, and the church became alive, and the glory of the Lord came on the churches.
And I could hear the church bells ringing all throughout the land.
And the glory of the Lord was rising up on the churches as their bells were ringing, and it was beautiful.
And they were singing the song...
oh, I heard the people in Europe were singing, "Whatever will be, will be.
The future is not ours to see.
Que Sera, Sera.
" And they were singing that throughout the land as they were taking their rights away.
And I saw them singing, but then I could hear a choir in the church and I could see the glory on the church rising up.
And I saw the harvest, and I saw a major harvest of souls through the church bells ringing, and I saw it.
There was so much to the visions last night, son, wasn't there?
Yeah.
And then I saw a web being made all throughout Europe by Zelensky for war, and I saw he was a black widow.
So there was a lot to it.
It was very...
and I saw—was that the painted faces of the mimes yesterday or the day before?
Yesterday.
Okay.
I saw painted faces of mimes throughout Europe, and they were...
and then I saw these women in China that had painted faces that had kimono dresses on, the kimono, and they were looking like this, and there was symbolic—there were things happening.
And then, oh, are you talking about this one?
The song.
Yeah.
This is the song.
They call it Handel's Messiah.
So that was playing in the churches, and the glory.
But I was so encouraged as I sat there last night, as the Lord said, "There's much to see.
There's much to see.
" And I had to push through it.
It was like molasses.
And then, when you got on the other side of it, I didn't want to leave it.
I could have been there until 2:00 in the morning, because when you get to that place, it takes a lot.
And then when you break forth and you see all that's about to happen and how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ...
there's so many people that say, "Oh, we have so long.
" No, no, no.
Things are ramping up, and we are about to see some major things.
He kept saying shakings are coming, major shakings are coming.
So, all right.
It's good enough.
You have anything else?
You have anything?
Taiwan is launching rockets.
Okay.
Is that it?
Trump says, "What is that?
" Is that the lady that was the traitor, right?
Trump says, "I love inflation.
" Now, I don't think he should have said that.
I think he just gets frustrated.
He's tired, and he needs to take a nap.
Is that it?
Sure.
I don't know.
Launching rockets or something like that.
What?
For the first time, Taiwan—they're saying for the first time Taiwan launched US-supplied HIMARS rocket systems into the Taiwan Strait.
God help those people.
Okay, there you go.
Okay, it's good.
Yeah.
How long was that?
Forty minutes.
Not too bad.
Was there anything else?
Yeah.
And then he was saying our message to Cuba is...
yeah.
Oh, Pete.
All right.
And then there's an earthquake next to Hawaii.
There's an earthquake next to Hawaii today.
Shakings all around.
Shakings in Hawaii.
Shakings.
It's amazing.
All of a sudden, everybody's having these major earthquakes.
4.
7.
I wonder how many people felt that.
I'm telling you, I saw secret meetings.
I saw the meetings.
I think that in any way we need to use all the opportunities to move to diplomacy.
I don't want to agree or disagree with President Trump, because he has his own relations with Putin.
But I always said to him that I think that he can't trust Putin and today's Russia and all the circle of people, and we don't know if somebody can trust tomorrow's Russia.
We don't know what will be, who will be next after Putin.
It depends.
So, and I always said to President Trump that Putin is lying.
He plays games with you, with the White House and with American society.
But God bless American society, it is a strong supporter, I think a strong supporter of Ukraine.
I think we support the Ukrainian people.
Just like everybody has bad governments, we pray for the people of Ukraine, we pray for the people of Russia.
The governments are bad on both sides, just like it's corrupt everywhere, a lot of places.
So, what do you do?
You just keep praying.
We know Jesus is coming, so I don't get all involved.
I don't care about it.
I don't allow all that in when he's talking about, 'We like high inflation,' or whatever he said.
And I'm thinking, 'Well, yeah, it's probably easy to say when you live in the White House, right?
And you don't deal with everything like we do.
' But it's interesting.
Go ahead.
Yeah, that's it.
Is that it?
Yeah.
You know, he's just tired.
I just have to say he's tired.
You know, you have a hard day.
Sometimes you say stupid stuff and you've got to just...
I look at things and just go, 'Man, just pray for the man.
' I know the pressure that the Lord said he's under right now.
And I pray for the Clarity Act to happen.
I pray for the manifestations of this to really kick off for our revival.
A major revival is right on our heels, and the Lord said a great shaking to awaken is about to happen.
Last night, I'm telling you, prayer last night was fantastic.
I loved it.
In my opinion, the prayer time was one of my top favorite prayer times we've had in a long time.
When we finally got through it, I know it was late, but it was a ten out of ten in my opinion.
I told Braden, and Braden said, 'Daddy, I haven't felt the glory in the house in a long time like that.
' Yes, there are levels you can feel when it comes in.
And he said, 'I can feel it so strong' when he was sitting over there.
So the glory—I always look for Him.
All this other, to me, just sitting at His feet is just so refreshing.
To sit at the Father's feet...
Everybody has an opinion about how you should do things.
Everybody has an opinion, but just sitting at His feet makes it all worth it when you just go, 'Taste and see that the Lord is good.
' Plague, war, and famine all go together.
War, plague, and famine all go together.
That's what He said; He kept saying, 'the war, the plague, and the famine.
' There is going to be a major surprise distraction that's about to happen.
There's a distraction that's about to happen as they implement things.
A distraction is about to happen.
You saw Big Ben going?
Yeah, I saw Big Ben in complete blackness with a moon on the face.
And the moon was a full moon and I could see.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for George.
' I saw the devil had plans trying to mess with that little boy.
I guess he'd be a prince, the little boy.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for him.
' And I saw a pink ribbon wrapped around his mother.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for her.
' I saw some things.
I mean, it was very serious.
And the Lord said, 'Pray.
' And I saw a plan of trying to groom that little boy, and it was a black thing that was trying to wrap that little child.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for that little child, George, as a seven- or eight-year-old boy.
' I saw a spirit like Harry Potter.
It was a Harry Potter demonic witchcraft spirit.
It looked like Harry Potter.
So, Father, we just thank You for all that You've done and all that You've done this week.
Lord, it's amazing watching.
What is that, son?
I'm trying to verify this.
I don't know, but it looks to be true.
New York is a...
I don't know what that all is.
So, Father, we just thank You, Father.
I don't want to be robotic.
I don't make my relationship where we take communion, we pray, and we get in a rut.
I break out of the rut.
I don't try to be predictable in prayer in my relationship.
It would be just like being predictable in your relationship with your wife or your husband.
If it becomes predictable, it becomes boring.
And you've got to break out of a boring cycle, so you make things fresh.
You can't allow your relationship to go stagnant just by doing the same thing, repeating the same thing, singing the same song, and saying the same prayer the same way.
It becomes boring.
Make your relationship fresh.
And so I take communion because I do it before I go under.
It's like going under anesthesia or something.
You take communion, but—I don't know how to say it—but I take it as covering me, because there's a lot of demonic stuff that tries to come against the watcher to snare them.
And so you have to keep yourself under the blood, taking communion and watching over your eyes of the spirit.
Familiar spirits like to wreak havoc on it.
That's so interesting, huh?
Father, I thank You for Your body.
I take this body right now in Jesus' name, and we give You all the glory, honor, and praise, for You have made us whole.
And we take this body and we remember what You did for us again, over and over.
Lord, we don't take it lightly.
And it is not a religious act; it's relationship.
And we take this body in Jesus' name, and we give You glory, honor, and praise.
Thank You, Father.
Lord, we take the blood, and I apply the blood of Jesus over me.
I apply the blood of Jesus over us.
I apply the blood of Jesus over this time, and we press.
We press on the other side of this.
We dip in the river tonight with You, and we pray for our nation.
We take this blood right now, and I make much of the blood.
Let the blood make much of me.
And I cover my eyes.
I cover my mind.
I cover my body.
I cover my children.
I cover my wife.
And we submit ourselves to God.
We resist the devil and he will flee.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over us.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for all that You've done and all that You continue to do as we apply the blood over us, Father, and over anything You want to show me, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
Amen.
Thank You, Lord.
It never loses its power—the blood.
Holy Spirit, teach me to pray.
Help me as I yield.
As I yield to You, Holy Spirit, teach me to pray.
I can't do this without You.
Flood their houses, flood their cars, flood their places of work with Your beautiful presence.
We have much to see.
You say, 'I hear them.
There's no way for China or for North Korea to come down our Mississippi River.
We monitor it all.
' I hear them say; I hear them talking.
I see these two people talking right now about what I've said.
They are trying to...
We must press into this, the Lord said.
'Where I'm seeing it—what's wrong with it is you're seeing it wrong.
It came in a container.
It's in a container coming into a port.
And it was by truck.
It's by truck in a container on a big boat.
It came into California.
' I don't know why I see this truck, and it's going into Denver.
It goes over the Rockies.
It's going into the Rockies.
It went into Denver, all the way up to St.
Louis.
Yes, you.
He said, the Lord said, 'You can stop this.
You can stop this.
' He said, 'Hurry, it's not big.
This is not a big rocket.
It's tactical.
It's the size of—how do I say that, Lord?
—less than eight feet.
They're getting help from somebody on the inside.
They're rogue.
The Lord said they're rogue.
I see Canada.
In the bus.
You're able to see it.
It's about a plant on the Mississippi.
You must listen.
Push over there, Braden.
We've got to push.
This is serious.
I've got to get higher.
It's like a freight yard in St.
Louis, like where trucks go.
I see a truck like a distribution center.
I see it like a distribution center for freight.
I see freight, and it's distributed like a hub.
It's like a hub in St.
Louis.
I see those shipping containers.
It went from Denver to St.
Louis.
And it came out of California, went over, and went in a truck in freight.
I don't know why I see St.
Louis so big concerning this.
It's St.
Louis, it's the arches.
It's harbor, it's the harboring.
Is it still there?
I'm seeing a truck.
Is it coming, Lord?
I need to know.
Is it coming?
Is it still there?
Is this coming in the future?
The bay.
The Bay of the Bay.
You'll hear it will be the bay.
In the bay, the storm.
It went in the bay.
What is the bay, son?
A shipping bay.
It came in the bay on the coast.
east in the east.
And then they say, open the code.
There's a code to this.
At the end of the day.
In the end of the day.
It's interesting, son, and it's very clear.
And I see a bay.
And we thank you, Lord, for the angels.
We thank you, Lord, for the angels.
We thank you, Lord, the angels are walking on our behalf.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for the angels.
Thank you, Lord, for your angels.
We give you praise, Lord, that the angels are helping us.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, that you're working on our behalf.
Thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord.
We praise you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, you're working on our behalf.
Thank you, Jesus.
We praise you that you're working on our behalf.
At last, you're working on our behalf.
At last, Father, we praise you, God.
We thank you, Lord.
I see two police officers being wounded, and we pray for our police officers.
We thank you, Lord, that every one of them is in the right place at the right time.
No weapon formed against them shall prosper.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our police officers.
I thank you, Father, for our local sheriff's department, our law enforcement, our local police, our highway patrol, our homeland security over these king's rallies.
We pray over the king's rallies.
Every single police officer is protected.
We thank you, Lord, that we pray for these two police officers, and we call them protected in the name of Jesus in Miami.
We pray for Miami, we pray for the police officers in Miami.
We pray for Boston, we pray for the cities, we pray for New York, all the king's rallies.
We pray for every single law-abiding officer.
I thank you, Lord, for our police officers.
I'm not allowed to say much.
We thank you, Lord, for our FBI.
We thank you, Lord, for homeland security.
We thank you, Lord, for secret service.
Thank you, Lord, that you protect every single person.
You give them supernatural wisdom on every single thing, foreign and domestic.
We thank you, Lord, that they have eyes to see what the spirit of the Lord is going to show them, and that they would have dreams in the night.
They would have visions and they would see how to keep us all safe at another level.
Holy Spirit, we ask you to flood their houses, flood their cars, flood their place of work, and that they would have eyes to see and ears to hear what you're saying.
That they would know every plot, every plan, and every pursuit across this land, from Canada, from Mexico, from coast to coast, every plot, every plan across this land, foreign and domestic.
We thank you, Lord, that they protect us, that they have their jobs and they're doing them well.
Thank you, Lord, that you protect them.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand over ICE agents.
We pray over ICE agents in Chicago.
We pray over all our ICE agents.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you protect our ICE agents.
We protect President Trump.
We bless him on his birthday.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for his kids: Eric, Don Jr.
, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka, and even Kai.
We pray a hedge around them that no weapon formed against them shall prosper.
Over the kids, over President Trump's family, Father, we cover them in the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
I pray over President Trump and his safety.
I thank you, Lord, that he's always in the right place at the right time.
Over Marco Rubio, over JD Vance, over his family.
I even see this right here, Erika Kirk.
I see a planned secret attempt on Erika Kirk.
We pray a protection around Erika Kirk in the name of Jesus.
I see this right now, it's the first time I've ever seen this.
We call an angel army, the wall of angel armies around Erika Kirk.
This is a crazy person from the far left, similar to what was about her husband.
But I see a plan, something coming out of an event.
I'm trying to focus.
Y'all help me pray.
I come against every demonic spirit that tries to block my vision.
I bind you in Jesus' name.
I see her face.
It's in the night, it's like an event.
I pray a hedge around and about her.
No fear, no weapon formed against Erika Kirk will prosper.
I plead the blood of Jesus over Erika Kirk.
No more PTSD.
She's dealing with PTSD.
There are demonic spirits that are tormenting her with PTSD concerning her husband, like flashbacks of trauma.
I just thank you, Father, that you cover this woman in the blood.
You bring her up to me, Lord.
I put a hedge around and about Erika Kirk today.
No weapon formed against Erika Kirk will prosper.
I apply the blood of Jesus over this woman.
I plead it over her kids, over her sleep, over her mind.
Every plot, every plan that is coming against this lady, I plead the blood of Jesus over Erika Kirk.
This is a very clear, strong vision.
It's become very clear and vivid.
The Lord said, 'I see Erika Kirk's face.
' The Lord said pray for her.
It is a nutcase, another far-left nutcase.
I take authority over that demonic spirit in the name of Jesus.
You cease your maneuvering right now.
I hold the blood of Jesus against you.
You stop it right now in Jesus' name.
You come out of them and leave them alone.
It's another person in transition.
It's a man trying to have blonde hair.
I see a man with blonde hair.
I see another man, it's like he's come in transition.
This is a spirit, a demonic spirit messing with this man.
Thank you, Lord.
We just thank you, Lord.
It's diffused and Erika Kirk is okay.
Thank you, Lord, for peace.
Thank you, Lord, for peace over that lady.
Peace, Lord.
Peace over her kids at night.
Peace over their sleep at night, the children.
Peace over the children in their sleep at night.
We call peace, a spirit of peace over the kids, peace that passes all understanding over the children.
Peace over the kids.
Sleep.
Restful sleep.
A sweet restful sleep over the children.
Quiet as a snowflake in the night.
All the world is calm and peaceful.
All the world is bright and joyful, spirit of light and child of peace.
Love unending that shall not cease.
Peace, my children.
Peace, be still.
I thank you.
You know, when you have the Holy Spirit, you take on somebody's burden, you feel what they—God gives you just a little taste of what they feel and how their burden...
the Bible says, 'Carry one another's burdens.
' You pray for them, you can feel it.
For that split second, I could feel it concerning that lady, and oh, it's so gut-wrenching.
It makes you feel like you want to vomit.
Fear and torment.
But the Prince of Peace.
Silent—that's it right there.
Silent as the snowflake in the night.
Holy is the spirit of this night.
All the world is calm and peaceful.
All the world is bright and joyful.
Spirit of love and child of peace.
Love unending that shall not cease.
Peace, my children of goodwill.
Peace, my children, peace be still.
That's what I was hearing.
'Silent night, holy night, all is calm, all is bright.
Round yon virgin mother and child.
Holy infant so tender and mild.
Sleep in heavenly peace.
' It's beautiful, peace.
It's like a lullaby.
It's talking to the kids.
Jesus cares where you hurt.
Jesus cares about your pains.
Jesus cares about your hurts and your sorrows.
When you don't think anybody cares and you feel all alone, He's the Prince of Peace, silent as the snowflake in the night.
Holy is the spirit of this night.
All the world is calm and peaceful.
All the world is bright and joyful.
Spirit of love and child of peace.
Love unending that shall not cease.
Peace, my children of goodwill.
Peace, my children.
Peace be still.
Sleep.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you for protection from head to toe.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit, we thank you Lord that it falls at the feet.
We pray over President Trump.
We pray over his family.
We pray over my family, Father.
And I thank you, Lord.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit, you protect us.
Thank you, Lord.
I love that peace.
It's going to be okay.
That's what I heard the Lord say.
You know when somebody cries and it's that ugly cry, so I see it with Jesus in His arms, that you can't get your breath because you're crying so hard.
I see Jesus holding her.
I see Jesus.
Jesus.
That name above all names.
Thank you, Lord.
He's so wonderful.
He cares about all our pains.
Come.
There's so many of you that are dealing with pain inside like that, that you just don't know what to do and it feels like you're at the top, like whenever something just boils over because there's so much going on.
There's so much going on inside of you and the Lord wants to be that peace.
He wants to be that peace.
It's okay, honey.
I don't want to sing that.
He is the name that is above all names.
Is it the right time, hun?
Okay, let's—boy, we're going to pray.
We're going in a different direction because I see Iran right now and then Lord, we're done.
Let's pray over President Trump and the Valley of Decision concerning Iran.
It's about the mountain.
It's about the mountain and how Israel handles this.
How is Israel going to handle this?
This is why Candace and them are over there in Israel right now.
This right here is what's about to happen over this next 24 hours, praying over his decisions.
How he handles this over the 24 hours.
Foreign nations.
I see Zelensky.
I see this plane.
I see a storm over Europe still, but I see—my goodness, there's so much going on as I pushed in, and it was like I was flying in.
It was coming in low.
I see a B2 bomber coming in low.
It was like this.
I saw it was like this.
I just love it, Father.
I smell a fragrance, Braden.
You're welcome.
Come on.
Show.
I see one more round.
I see one more round of healings.
I see it's like one more circle.
The healings like Oral Roberts, Jack Coe, William Brandon, Kathryn Kuhlman.
One more round.
The greatest wave this world has ever seen before.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
I'm so excited.
Father, we are the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
That's it.
I can see it.
And when I came up to Israel, I could see it.
And I went right over and I could see the prayers.
Candace and them, they're all praying.
I could come up on it like it was stealth.
And I came up out of it and I could see the prayers.
I'm telling you, God is going to show up and show off in a way that we've never seen before.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your way.
Finances are coming.
Finances are coming for the projects.
These projects, I see projects.
Pastors are wanting finances for their projects.
I see new carpet in buildings.
New carpet, new paint jobs.
Fixing up your place before this revival.
The finances are coming.
You want it to look nice for what's about to happen.
And the finances are coming.
The Lord said blessing and increase in unexpected ways.
Don't put Him in a box.
This is what has to happen.
Well, we're going to take up an offering at the church and we've got to expect it, even if a dog has to bring it in in a brown paper sack, and you go, 'Where'd this little dog come from?
' and it's on this porch.
Don't put God in a box.
If He can pay for the taxes with a coin in the fish's mouth, He can do it for you.
Angels unaware, entertaining angels unaware, entertaining angels on assignment, sir, in Africa.
You say, 'Well, it can come from nowhere.
' That's what the Lord said.
He has a million and one ways to get you a million dollars.
Think about it bigger.
'I need it for this building.
I need it for this.
I need it for that.
' Oh, but Father is a God that has more than enough for you, the God of more than enough.
Expect God to be more than enough for you, exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think in Africa, in South America, Asia, Middle East, in poverty-stricken countries.
You say, 'Well, there's no resources.
' But God is the God of resources.
Same for America.
You have to believe God.
But I'm telling you, when I'm seeing this in the foreign nations, God is the God of the more than enough.
I believe with you.
If He can take care of the fish with a coin in the fish's mouth, how much more can He take care of you?
If He did it once, He'll do it again.
I want new carpet for my building, a new paint job, new everything for this revival that's about to take place.
Have an expectation for what God's about to do with the manifestations.
It's not just America.
God is going to pour out His spirit upon all flesh in Africa, in Asia, in South America, in Europe, in Canada, Mexico.
It doesn't matter.
You're going to see the Philippines and the islands.
Believe Him for your manifestation—the glory around you.
Watch that.
God's going to visit the islands.
God's going to visit Jamaica.
God is going to visit Jamaica.
Voodoo is going to look stupid.
Watch.
Watch what God is going to do in Jamaica.
That's what I'm hearing Him say.
Believe Him for big in the Bahamas.
Believe Him for big in Costa Rica.
Believe Him for big in Puerto Rico.
I don't know, just believe Him big, Cuba.
I hear the Lord say God is going to visit the islands.
That's Hawaii, the Philippines.
Watch what God is about to do.
That's awesome.
I get excited about it.
Dominican Republic, right?
Madagascar.
I feel the Holy Ghost on fire.
Y'all expect for your provision, and it's not going to come...
you're going to be like, 'We've never had it.
' No.
God's the God of suddenlies.
If he has to, he'll use an angel.
Whatever you need, believe him for it.
You want a shuttle bus to bring the kids in off the streets?
Believe God.
I believe with you.
You want a bus to bring the kids into church?
A van?
I believe with you.
A good van with air conditioning and a good radiator that doesn't overheat and break down on the side of the road.
A bus to get the kids to Sunday school.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the bus right now in the name of Jesus.
I believe with them for the bus.
I don't know who this is, you're believing for a bus, but I'm believing with you.
A bus to get the kids to Sunday school.
They want to come to church.
You want to have things for the kids to go and pick them up in the bad parts of the neighborhood and bring them in, and something to feed them when they get there.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the workers are there.
The workers, the harvesters are there for these Sunday school people.
Father, that they have a vision, and God, you are the God of the supply.
And we call it in right now from the north, the south, the east, and the west—abundant supply in the name of Jesus, that they'll lack no good thing.
They'll have more than enough to get the job done, and it will be done with excellence in Jesus' name.
School curriculum—I don't know what that's about.
A school curriculum, you want to teach them.
It's very clear.
I see this abundant supply.
These are places that don't have a lot.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are.
That is who you are.
Because he is the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are.
I can hear it, and even when I don't see that you're working, you never stop working.
Thank you, Lord, that you're the way maker.
Thank you, Father, that you're making a way for them tonight.
Lord, we thank you for the refreshing over them tonight.
You never stop working.
Praise the Lord.
Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are.
You've got to believe it.
He is the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are.
That is who you are.
When I don't see that you're working, you never stop working because he is a way maker, he's a promise keeper, and he's going to take care of you tonight.
And I believe there's an expiration date to everything you've been believing for.
And suddenly, he's coming to you mentally, emotionally, physically, financially.
Suddenly, he's coming to your house.
He's a way maker, he's a miracle worker, he's a promise keeper, he's light in the darkness, he's my God.
It's personal.
That is who you are.
He is my way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness.
My God, that is who you are.
Thank you, Lord.
We're expecting it.
Father, you're the God of the breakthrough.
Oh, Father, we worship you tonight that you are the God of the breakthrough.
I see a flood of finances.
I see abundance.
I see abundant supply for his people tonight.
I'm telling you, a great, mighty move of the spirit of the Lord like we've never seen before is here.
It's not coming; it's here.
It's time.
He'll multiply it like the fish and the loaves.
He'll multiply it like the wedding feast where he turned the water into wine.
He'll multiply.
If he did it once, he'll do it again.
Don't put God in a box.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Father, for President Trump.
Thank you, Lord, as you protect him tonight.
Thank you, Father, that the haters are always going to hate, but we believe, Father, that you rebuke the devourer for us and that he sleeps tonight.
Whatever's keeping him up at night, God, I ask you to let him sleep so he doesn't sleep on the job whenever he's at a game or something they have to criticize him for.
Thank you, Lord, that he gets good, restful sleep when it's time to sleep.
And what would normally be like another person gets five hours of sleep, let it be like a good ten hours.
Double it.
If he gets five hours, double it, Lord, through his flesh like you did with Moses.
You kept his body with the glory.
I ask you, God, to let him have a visitation from you tonight.
Touch President Trump, touch his marriage, bless Melania.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
There are things you show me about the marriage.
We pray for the marriage.
We pray for President Trump's marriage, and we ask you, God, to make it good, make it fresh, break down walls.
Thank you, Lord.
There's peace over Barron.
There's joy on Barron.
And, Father, that he'll find you.
Same with Ivanka, same with Tiffany, and over Eric and Don Jr.
We pray a revival in that family in Jesus' name.
And even over Kai.
And we call healing over the mother, the one that got diagnosed with cancer—over Kai, Don Jr.
's ex-wife.
We pray a healing over her.
Breast cancer is gone, and it's not on the backbone.
We call healing over her body, and we thank you, Lord, that she's delivered and healed and whole and well from cancer, and those kids will not be alone.
Everything's going to be okay.
All those children, we give God praise and glory.
We pray healing over you tonight.
You believe it for you?
Delivered, healed, and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
So, exciting times ahead, and we pray over President Trump's birthday, and over the games, and over the World Cup starting.
Tomorrow, yep.
In the next couple of minutes, it's the eleventh.
I think the games start today in Los Angeles.
And we thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
I believe we could keep—I could keep pushing, y'all, and keep y'all again for three hours, but it's not necessary.
You can watch yesterday's video and we can keep praying, and we'll be back again to keep interceding for the nations.
Lord, we prayed longer tonight, did we not?
Yeah, I believe so.
I mean, let me see.
Did you start praying earlier today, didn't you?
Yeah, I only talked for forty-some minutes today, I think.
Right, yeah.
So, I tried to pray more and not talk so much, but there's always a river to flow down.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
You can pray for hours.
You could be in here for five, six hours—boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
Especially when that river hits and that anointing flows.
I could pray for hours.
It's like, you know, but I know the videos go long, long, long for y'all.
And I go, 'Well, I'm just thankful for every single one of you.
' Yeah, talk exactly, and two hours of prayer.
So, I'm just so thankful for every single one of you.
I truly am.
You show up every single day and you come and pray with me.
And if it wasn't for you all, many hands make light work.
I want you to always know I appreciate every single one of you.
My gratitude is so great for you.
The pressure—what I tried to tell you all yesterday—is when you lead, there's something so different than leading in a prayer group.
When you're leading and you feel the pull, it's like, you know, a boat anchor.
It's like when you see those big massive chains and you're pulling it up out of the water and you see it and the anchor's massive on the huge boat like a big cruise ship.
It's like pulling a chain and you're pulling in the spirit realm.
I can feel it because we're praying for the nations.
And it's not just like, 'Well, Father, I think you're praying for my family and you're showing me things around.
' This is like a corporate.
I can feel it when it comes out.
And whenever the Lord said last night, he said, 'Push.
' He kept—I could hear him, he was audible—'Push, push, push.
' And I knew what he was saying: you've got to push above this, you've got to go above the hill.
And that's what he's doing tonight.
And I told him, I said, 'Pray.
' I can feel when my wife's helping me pray.
You can push above it.
There's things he wants to show you.
There's things that need to be uncovered.
So, hallelujah.
For many hands make light work.
Isn't that wonderful?
We're all a body.
We're all moving together.
So, we're here tonight and we're so thankful for every single one of you.
It just turned midnight in Central America.
So, God bless you all.
We love you.
Enjoy your Thursday and we'll be back with you.
We'll keep praying and keep believing and doing what we're called to do, one soul at a time, all doing what Jesus has called us to do, pushing and marching forward.
Soldiers, thank you for being here.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.